Now you all could be
dead within an hour.
You got to get
to a hospital!
(ROARS)
And how did you get
past the roadblocks?
Roadblocks?
Buddy, l wish you
could talk and tell me where
everybody in this town is.
What if that chlorine
they leaked
is really dangerous?
lt wasn't chlorine.
You're sick!
(SCREAMS)
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(ROARS)
NARRATOR:  Dr: David Banner,
physician, scientist.
Searching for a way to tap
int0 the hidden strengths
that all humans have.
Then, an accidental overdose
0f gamma radiati0n
alters his b0dy chemistry.
And n0w, when David Banner
gr0ws angry 0r 0utraged,
a startling
metam0rph0sis 0ccurs.
(ROARS)
The creature is driven by rage
and pursued
by an investigative rep0rter.
Mr. McGee,
don't make me angry.
You wouldn't like me
when l'm angry.
The creature is wanted
f0r a murder he didn't c0mmit.
David Banner
is believed t0 be dead.
And he must let the w0rld
think that he is dead
until he can find a way
t0 c0ntr0l the raging spirit
that dwells within him.
(ROARS)
(SlGHS)
GEORGE:  What's wr0ng
with the life we live?
WOMAN:  I wanna see
the w0rld.
I want t0 live, Ge0rge:
I want t0 meet new pe0ple.
Taste a little
0f the g00d life.
GEORGE:  I'm just a plumber:
I d0n't d0 miracles.
WOMAN.: Y0u can fix my sink.
Y0u can fix tw0
weeks' vacati0n.
GEORGE:  All right,
I'll tell y0u what.
We'll drive d0wn t0 see
y0ur sister in Des M0ines.
I hear the nightlife there
is s0mething else, then...
WOMAN.: Ge0rge!
MAN O VER RADIO.:
The vacati0n blues
getting y0u d0wn?
You don't have to spend
tw0 weeks with y0ur
sister in Des M0ines.
Johnson Travel Service,
451 S0uth Maple Street,
has been...
(TURNS OFF RADlO)
Hello?
Hello, anybody?
ls anybody here?
(PHONE RlNGlNG)
Hello? Hello?
(DIAL TONE)
(PHONE RlNGlNG)
Hello, operator.
FEMALE VOICE.: We are sorry,
but we are unable t0 c0nnect
y0ur call.
Please hang up and
dial again. Thank y0u.
We are s0rry, but we are
unable t0 c0nnect y0ur call.
(DOG PANTlNG)
(DOG BARKS)
Hey.
Hi, fella. Hi.
Oh, oh! Be careful,
hey, wait a minute.
You don't want
to eat the bone.
Hey, hey, hey,
wait a minute.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
Come on, fella, come on,
you don't wanna
swallow this bone.
No, no, no, no, no.
Atta boy, atta boy.
Here, here.
l'll do it for you.
Atta boy.
What's your name?
Ah, Buddy!
No, no, no, not the bone,
not that.
(GLASS SHATTERlNG)
(DOG BARKlNG)
Anybody here?
Hello? Huh.
Hold it!
Turn around. Slow.
What are you
doing here?
l, uh...
l came here for
a job interview with
Dere Laboratories.
Sure.
And how did you get
past the roadblocks?
Roadblocks?
They set them up
when they evacuated
the town this morning.
You already work for Dere.
(HELlCOPTER WHlRRlNG)
Get over here.
Let's go.
Easy. Slow.
Keep going.
Against the wall.
Why is the
town evacuated?
l'm sure Mr. Cunningham
has already explained
all that to you.
l don't know
any Cunningham.
Right.
And, of course,
you don't know about...
What'd Cunningham call it?
''A minor problem.''
A little chlorine
leak over at Dere.
ls that why the town
was evacuated?
There's been nothing
to indicate any kind
of chlorine contamination.
No evidence.
Stop it!
Look, we both know
that it wasn't chlorine.
lt was Bacteria E. Coli.
E. Coli?
ls Dere Laboratories
doing research
on recombinant DNA?
That must come as
a great shock to you.
You're sure
that it's E. Coli?
You're sure that
E. Coli was released?
Yes.
And l'm gonna prove it.
And you're coming with me.
Let's go.
That way.
Here we are.
There never was
a roadblock that
could stop her.
Oh, Rita, you had some
good ideas in your time,
but this one beats all.
Our own free
shopping mall.
RlTA: How long do you
think we have?
MARK: Well, they
finished evacuating
about an hour ago.
By the time
they're organized,
we got about an hour
before they get the
guards in here.
Uh, listen, you guys.
What if it's like they said?
What if that chlorine
they leaked
is really dangerous?
The voice of doom.
Tom, you heard the news.
The amount that leaked
is practically harmless.
They only evacuated
everybody to be
on the safe side.
A one part per million
is nothing, man, believe me.
l took a chemistry
course at City College.
Which you flunked.
Come on,
let's get shopping.
Move to the car.
Look, l'm not with
this Cunningham.
l mean if l was,
l'd know about
the leak, wouldn't l?
And if l knew about the leak,
would l come into town
without protective clothing?
Will you just let me
show you? l have...
l have a letter here,
from Dere Laboratories,
giving me the
job interview.
Slow.
l'm sorry.
Cunningham would do
anything to keep the
truth from getting out.
Why aren't you wearing
protective gear?
l'm staying here
just long enough to
get the papers l need,
and then run to
the nearest hospital.
What papers?
The progress reports
on Dere's DNA experiments.
But l didn't know
they had the facilities
for conducting
genetic research.
They don't.
At least not
the proper ones.
lt would cost a few million
dollars for them to fulfill
the federal safety standards.
Cunningham paid
a couple of inspectors
to look the other way.
Cunningham's in
charge of the program?
The board in New York
doesn't even know about it.
He had this dream of
walking into corporate
headquarters and saying,
''Surprise, look what l did,''
and then laying some big-buck
discovery at their feet.
ls he seriously
working with E. Coli?
lt's a new strain.
lt's called R-6.
lt's like the K-1 2,
in that it has a
lifespan of 48 hours.
K-1 2 was harmless.
lt's too bad you missed
your job interview.
You really know your stuff.
Life expectancy is all
the two strains have
in common.
R-6 is deadly
if ingested.
Or transmitted
through the lungs.
We have to get to
a hospital right now.
No! l have to prove
Cunningham's negligence.
Now, the papers are in
his office and l'm not
leaving until l get them.
Without treatment,
you could die.
l'll make it!
There's a chance
that you won't.
The bacteria only lives
48 hours outside a host.
After that, there won't
be any way to prove
that this ever happened.
No, wait a minute,
wait a minute.
ls there an infirmary
at the plant?
Yes, why?
There's every chance
they'll have some BBK9
which is an antibiotic
and it will kill the E. Coli.
lf they don't have that,
they'll have Gentamicin.
At least that will
ease the effects
and give us more time!
(BUDDY WHlMPERlNG)
ls that your dog?
He ate some
food in the park.
Careful, guys.
Don't scratch
the merchandise.
You know,
l'm getting hungry.
Yeah.
Come on, we haven't got time.
Let's get this stuff loaded
and get out of here.
(ENGlNE STARTS)
MAN ON RADIO.:
:::that might be true:
But, Mr. Cunningham,
wouldn't you call
a chl0rine leak
a maj0r catastr0phe?
CUNNINGHAM.:
N0: N0t in this case,
just a maj0r inc0nvenience.
And by the way,
Dere Lab accepts
full resp0nsibility
f0r any financial hardships
suffered during the mishap.
MAN.: When do you think
pe0ple will be able
t0 return t0 the area?
He thinks he can buy
off the whole town like
he did the inspectors,
and like he
tried with me.
You work for
Dere Laboratories?
For Cunningham.
By the way,
l'm Patty Knowlton.
David Bradshaw.
(TlRES SCREECHlNG)
(PATTY GRUNTS)
Hi.
What are you
doing here?
What do you think
we're doing here?
The same thing you
and your friend
are doing here.
Unfortunately,
me and my friends
got here first.
This food
is contaminated.
All that spilled
was a little chlorine.
A little chlorine
never hurt anybody,
right, Mark?
Hey, man,
that amount of gas
wouldn't harm a bug.
You'd get more than that
walking by a swimming pool.
They lied. lt was not
chlorine they leaked,
it was R-6. Bacteria.
l knew it. l knew it.
l said all along
this was a lousy idea.
Shut up.
She's just trying
to scare us.
DAVlD: l'm trying to
tell you that you're
all in extreme danger.
By ingesting that bacteria,
you're speeding up a process
that makes it lethal.
Now you all could be
dead within an hour.
We've got to get
you to a hospital.
lf all that's true,
how come you guys
are here?
(DAVlD GRUNTS)
(PATTY SCREAMS)
Hold her! Hold her!
(ROARS)
(HULK ROARlNG)
(SCREAMS)
(ENGlNE SPUTTERlNG)
(ENGlNE REVVlNG)
Hey, stop, please!
(ROARlNG)
(ROARS)
(WHlMPERlNG)
David, are you
all right?
Yeah.
Did you see that?
See what?
The creature.
That green thing.
lt came out of nowhere
and it went after those
looters.
Huh. Did it hurt anyone?
Uh-uh.
They all got away.
Boy, there's no telling
how many people they
could infect.
We don't have
much time, do we?
No. No, we don't.
(PATTY SlGHS)
Oh, l feel like l'm
l'm getting the flu.
Except it's not
the flu, is it?
No, it's not.
Come on, we have to hurry.
Atta boy.
(BUDDY WHlMPERlNG)
Cunningham hired me
right out of college.
l had an MA in
business administration.
He promised me l could
climb the corporate
ladder right to the top.
l got as far as his
outside office.
l was such a good girl.
Never complained,
never rocked the boat.
Oh, l bet that
didn't last.
Not when l found out
what he was up to.
Cunningham told me
he liked my spirit.
He offered to make me
an executive assistant.
Hmm.
Hey, hey!
Well, there's
nothing we can do.
(GROANlNG)
(COUGHlNG)
Help me, please.
All right, we've got
to take him with us.
The Gentamicin
might help.
The rash.
He still has a chance
and so have we. Come on.
Damn, it's quiet.
Yeah, no welcoming
committee, huh,
Mr. Cunningham?
All right,
let's get started.
The infirmary's
just inside.
What's the matter?
They're cramps.
They're bad.
l'll be all right. Come on.
Come on. Can you make it?
(WHlMPERlNG)
PATTY: Okay.
Don't leave anything
that could be biopsied.
The EPA's sure to find
traces of the bacteria.
Well, R-6 has a
life of 48 hours.
By the time their
federal team gets here,
picks up any specimens
that are left and gets
them back to the lab,
there won't be
any R-6 to find.
They're gonna be looking
for chlorine, anyway.
We spread enough
of that stuff around
to explain any rodent or
bird that we've overlooked.
ls it there,
that antibiotic?
No. No BBK9.
David.
Yeah.
All right. There's Gentamicin.
lt's not a cure,
but it may give us some time.
How long?
An hour.
Maybe less.
(SlGHS)
All right, let's get them
out of here and put them
in the back of the van.
l'm sorry, David.
What did you do now?
For being so
suspicious of you.
That's understandable.
All right, tighten it up.
lt's just so hard
for me to trust.
You just rest for
a moment, Patty.
(SlGHS)
No, l'm all right.
Fine, l'm great.
Hey, hey, hey,
it doesn't work that fast.
l've got to get
those papers out
of Cunningham's safe.
lt'll just take a second.
You don't give up,
do you?
l'll be down the
hall if you need me.
All right.
Blood.
Must have been somebody
else in there with them.
We'd better get
down to the lab.
Yeah.
(SlGHS lN RELlEF)
(BREATHlNG HEAVlLY)
Hey, hey, hey.
All right now, just sit down.
Just sit down for a bit.
All right?
Now, just take it easy.
(LOCK CLlCKS)
We made it, David.
Okay, not quite.
Come on.
Patty.
What are you and your
friends doing here?
Those papers wouldn't happen
to belong to me, would they?
Now look, Patty, l can see
you're not feeling very well.
Now, why don't you just
give me those papers
and we'll get you
all to a hospital.
Easy.
(DAVlD GROANS)
(SCREAMS)
CUNNlNGHAM: Patty!
You're sick.
We'll take you
to a hospital. Patty!
(GROANlNG)
(PANTlNG)
Let me go!
CUNNlNGHAM: Open it up!
No!
We'll come back later.
Take them out with
the rest of the stuff.
No!
Please, let go of me!
No! Please.
No!
(GROWLS)
(ROARS)
(METALLlC SCREECHlNG)
No!
(SCREAMlNG)
What about the papers?
Right in your lap.
Told you l'd make it.
We're all gonna make it.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org